I am writing to ask that you move to impeach President Trump. As a voting member of the House, you owe a unique constitutional duty to the nation. In a nation of 330 million people, only you and 434 other individuals have the power to impeach. 

James Madison, the Architect of the Constitution, described the grounds for impeaching the president that the  constitutional convention:

Mr. Madison thought it indispensable that some provision should be made for
defending the Community ag[ainst] the incapacity, negligence or perfidy of the
chief Magistrate. The limitation of the period of his service was not a sufficient
security. He might lose his capacity after his appointment. He might pervert
his administration into a scheme of peculation or oppression. He might betray
his trust to foreign powers...loss of capacity or corruption was more within the compass of
probable events, and either of them might be fatal to the Republic.

Imagine, if you will, what James Madison would make of President Trump.

I won't dwell on the awful things that the President has said; just remember that he has bragged about sexual assault, defended neo-Nazis, and demonized Muslims. I also won't attempt to enumerate each and every act of mal-administration and incompetence; I'm sure that you recall that the President held an emergency national security meeting in front of other diners at a resturant, forced our European allies to declare that 70 years of American gloabal leadership had come to an end, and admitted on national television that he fired the director of the FBI to end the investigation into "this Russia thing[.]"

My main point is that the President is manifestly unfit. He, either because of his temperment or a medical issue, is unable to control himself. He struggles to complete a train of thought in unscripted conversations. At time his utterances make no literal sense. This is the man who, without a moment's notice or check from Congress, may deploy appoximately 14,000 nuclear warheads.

I suppose that you may feel constrained to speak against the President because he has a (R) next to his name, you want tax cuts, and you want to replace Justices Kennedy and Bader-Ginsberg with conservatives. Please remember, however, that a President Pence woulds still be able to do all of those things, and far more effectively.

History does not long remember policitians who did the wrong thing because it was easy. But it does remember politicians who did the right thing even though it was hard.

Sincerely,


Van Snow